it's early morning and Stephen linear
and Howell are about to face their next
challenge working a busy lunchtime
service of Ken's er which is in the
heart of the city of London serving
traditional Moroccan and Lebanese
cuisine and head chef jab Youssef knows
the cooking his style of food to his
high standards will be a tall order for
the celebrities here yes yes yeah yes
yeah yes chef
so that lunch focuses Donna yes yes
lunch service begins and Stephen gets
his first order couscous Donna is a main
dish of lamb chicken vegetables and
sausage on a bed of couscous there's
about six or seven ingredients just to
make sure that everything's in on time
that he's struggling with his timings
now you see I've lost my concentration
already now Stephen try yeah me not on
the veg as well and your plates clean
always I don't think it's not ready yet
unfortunately
okay guys for set lunch
still couscous Donna and but yes
after a poor start yesterday are
more focused Linear's determined to up
her game with a main dish of roasted
Seba served with lemon rice and a tagine
sauce I'm ready raring to go and a plate
looks nicely yes I need now to see one
table 15 okay yes
Millia delivers her sea bass but she's a
portion shoot 18
it was the bit to fish on table 15 I got
one and her mistake leaves customers
waiting quickly this is all gone Pete
Tong but it's cool
I've got broad shoulders so I can take
it
that's hot Powell is responsible for the
mixed grill a dish made up of chicken
quail and lamb skewers served on
flatbread with salad and grilled tomato
but he's finding the red hot charcoal
grill tough-going
I think I'll be able to cope we'll just
we'll have to see cooking on the open
grill is unchartered territory but
Howell manages to get his first orders
out it's halfway through lunch service
and Stephen is still struggling to keep
up with orders for his couscous dish his
mistakes mean the whole order is delayed
and that means unhappy customers at
table 41
Stephen manages to get his dishes out in
the nick of time after messing up an
order linear is determined to make up
for her mistake I've got it right now
he's waiting for mein away I'm just
waiting for my rise to get hot so and
I've caught up but her timings are out
and she prepares her sea bass too early
yet this come on
too quick across the kitchen Hal gets an
order to challenge any chef 16 miksa
grill and moussaka 16
I'm having to keep an eye on what's on
the grill that doesn't start to burn as
well as preparing all this and it's
getting a bit confused and I don't want
these quails to have died in vain that's
mistake number one quick yeah
sixteen mix drill I'm still in the top
three two hours later than lunchtime
Russia's finally over
generally house there are three year on
two mistakes the biggest one which has
complained from customers so whose fault
was the complaints Daniel it was an
order for Casillas Rosa she was to just
put one I mean she caught up very well
in the beginning but then just cracked
in the middle of a service what about
Steven he was a bit slow well we had
table for four flam couscous and the
people were busy waiting long time and
they were going to live how about how he
got table for 20 people's 16 of them
they had mixing rules
he called good he was a bit slow but for
the first day on this kind of charcoal
grills good how about three who's the
best Howard